Palestinians fear the night that's when
it becomes more difficult to search for
survivors or for body parts scattered by
Falling Israeli bombs ambulances the
ones spared by Israel Ferry the wounded
to ill equipped short staffed medical
facilities that are overwhelmed with
patience and survivors tell horrifying
details of their children's last
moments they shot my son he's only 14
years old he got a bullet like this one
right into his chest I don't believe
he'll survive my daughter's brain was
blown out I tried to comfort her before
she
died Israel says it's targeting Hamas
fighters in Rafa a City previously
designated as a safe Zone Palestinian
women and children say that's a
lie since Dawn Israeli tanks have been
shelling us the front door and windows
were destroyed and we were forced to
take shelter in the staircase we got
ourselves together and came out waving a
white flag the Israeli soldiers arrested
my son and two other young men they
stripped off their clothes we were given
2 minutes to leave the
area those who survive the Israeli
attacks and make it to hospitals are
also dying because the siege means
generators run out of fuel there's a
recurring pattern with advancing Israeli
Soldiers the in circle hospitals starve
those seeking shelter and snipers kill
anyone who Ventures out
eventually they raid the building and
arrest medical staff and doctors those
who've been released say they were
tortured Healthcare like much else in
Gaza has been
decimated bullets and destruction is all
that's left and every day brings more
emotional
testimonies in the middle of the night I
heard the sounds of helicopters fighter
jets drones and missiles all around
everyone was petrified at that moment as
they had no idea where to hide when I
heard a place close to my uncle's
residence was hit I rushed there to
check and found remains of human body
all over the place I could vaguely
discern the bodies of children and
women those women and children make up
most of the 100,000 Palestinians killed
or wounded in Israel's war on Gaza
survivors have been displaced multiple
times to multiple safe zones only to be
attacked multiple
times our homes were bombed we went to
our homes and found that it was
completely destroyed the whole block was
flattened we came to the school here and
found that it was bombed too we tried to
find a place in the school but there was
no place we erected a tent and settled
in it each tent has at least 15 people
in it as I said yesterday our military
operation of Rafa they're they the major
military operation of Rafa but even the
US president who provides unequivocal
support billions in Aid and many of the
bombs being dropped on Gaza has admitted
Israel is killing civilians too many too
many of the over 27,000 Palestinians
killed in this conflict have been
innocent civilians and children Biden's
words don't match his actions something
allies within the EU have pointed out
well if you believe that too many people
are being
killed maybe you should provide less
arms as Israel's waren Gaza drags on
there seems to be no end in sight to the
starvation bombing and killing of
Palestinians and no consequences for the
perpetrators B Javid
aler make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer